automation game
incremental game

we could be collecting X by building machines? reaching certain amount of X
	unlocks more space, which you can use to build more machines to get X faster
X could also be consumed to improve machines??
goal is to reach a certain amount of X?
or maybe goal is to make a giga super epic collector machine that collects all of the things and you win
no belts
maybe bots? (factorio style)
	speed upgrade
	stack size upgrade

we have a player
	speed upgrade
	building reach upgrade

to collect, we place "collectors"? on top of whatever resource things
	there are different tiers of resource that require higher tier collectors?

a bunch of currencies that upgrade after you reach a certain amount (like WoW gold)
	there are multiple tiers of resource that give higher tier resources. they require higher tier collector?
	collectors don't mine faster, they just allow you to mine higher tier

maybe limit bots? but be able to upgrade your max? (for performance?)

gameplay
	you start with some currency
	find/move to resource patches
	build a few collectors on the patches
	bots will fly from the main building to the collectors and bring the currency home
	player standing near resource patches also collects stuff?

do all buildings have the same size or not?
	yes = easier to program
	no = cooler

problem:
	we never build (we cant) anything on empty space, only resource patches
		we could be allowed to build a "hub", which is a place where bots can deposit currency isntead of having to go back to the main hub
		resources give you "raw" currency, which has to be turned into the actual currency, so that could have with some kind of machine ("processor"? it probably also have tiers)

could have a machine that collects without the need for resources, but it does so way slower


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
leaderboard id
reenable loeaderboard call inside init

break is bad on canweplacemachine

maybe you collect cards? and they give you stuff. so they serve as the progression and the upgrades??

tooltips for machines

power??

research building? you choose some research you want, and the more research buildings you have, the faster it completes
	research just cost currency, so what the buildings do is consume currency at some rate